this is the site of a massive grave that
was created by the Israeli military as
it stormed Naser hospital within the
past month the Israeli military not only
destroyed the facility and severely
damaged the Health Complex at Nar
hospital but also created this massive
grave for the past 3 days civil defense
crew members and paramedics have been
able to retrieve 180 bodies of people
who were buried in this massive grave
half more than half of these bodies
retrieved are unknown largely
unidentified their identity is lost and
their names might not be remembered at
all the Israeli military is believed to
create this massive grave after taking
the bodies that were buried at the
courtyard of the hospital given the
difficulties of Performing formal
barrier as the war was urging and the
attacks were scaling up at the vicinity
of nasar hospital it is also believe
that the Israeli military used this
massive grave and created it as it was
searching for the bodies of Israeli
hostages as more bags are found here
with Hebrew writing on them but what's
more devastating is the bodies that were
found that were tied up with zip blocks
inside the plastic bags that when buried
and buried in in this massive grave many
of the people who who were missing from
the hospitals are believed to be among
the people the bodies that are retrieved
from this massive grave this is hanim
Mahmud Al jaaz nazer Hospital
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer